"Why waste time say lot word, when few word do trick."
"Be ready to face any challenge that might be foolish enough to face you."
"Don't care what people say about you. Just eat."
"You miss 100% of the shots you don't take." - Wayne Gretzky
"Don't be superstitious. But you can be a little stitious."
"You only live once? False. You only die once."
"You need to play to win. But you also need to win to play."
"Time is money; money is power; power is pizza; pizza is knowledge. Let's go!"
"When life gives you lemons, steal your grandma's jewelry and go clubbin'."
"Give a man a fish and feed him for a day. Don't teach a man to fish... and feed yourself. He's a grown man. And fishing's not that hard."
"Sometimes you try to make ramen in the coffee pot and break everything."
"Never half-ass two things. Whole-ass one thing."
"We need to remember what's important in life: Friends, waffles and work. Or waffles, friends, work. It doesn't matter. But work is third."
"Treat yo self."
"Sting like a bee. Do not float like a butterfly. That's ridiculous."
"Fish. For sport only. Not for meat. Fish meat is practically a vegetable."
"Encapsulate the spirit of melancholy. Easy. Boom, a sad desk. Boom, a sad wall. It's art. Anything is anything."
"This is life! We suffer and slave and expire."
"There's no such thing as friends. There's just enemies you haven't met yet."
"You can find work and sort your life out anytime. The pub closes in 5 hours."
"No one is willing to admit that wine doesn't actually have a taste."
"Say it with me - I am a strong, independent acid snake in the skinsuit of a strong, independent woman!"
"If you rent a car, don't pay for the insurance. It's a scam."
"The best thing about the future is that it comes one day at a time."
"The only mystery in life is why the kamikaze pilots wore helmets."
"Nobody realizes that some people expend tremendous energy merely to be normal."
"War is God's way of teaching Americans geography."
"The average dog is a nicer person than the average person."
"It's ok not to believe in astrology. Especially if you're a Sagittarius. They're skeptical."
"The surest sign that intelligent life exists elsewhere in the universe is that it has never tried to contact us."
"Before you judge a man, walk a mile in his shoes. After that who cares? He's a mile away and you've got his shoes!"
"We never really grow up, we only learn how to act in public."
"He who laughs last didn't get the joke."
"If you love something set it free, but don't be surprised if it comes back with herpes."
"Education is learning what you didn't even know you didn't know."
"Never under any circumstances take a sleeping pill and a laxative on the same night."
"A pessimist is a person who has had to listen to too many optimists."
"There is a theory which states that if ever anyone discovers exactly what the Universe is for and why it is here, it will instantly disappear and be replaced by something even more bizarre and inexplicable.There is another theory which states that this has already happened."
"Human beings, who are almost unique in having the ability to learn from the experience of others, are also remarkable for their apparent disinclination to do so."
"If you think nobody cares if you're alive, try missing a couple of car payments."
"Do not take life too seriously. You will never get out of it alive."
"Never go to a doctor whose office plants have died."
"You're in shape. Round is a shape."
"May the forces of evil become confused on the way to your house."
"One tequila, two tequila, three tequila, floor."
"A black cat crossing your path signifies that the animal is going somewhere."
"Refuse to join any club that would have you as a member."
"The two most common elements in the universe are hydrogen and stupidity."
"How come you never see a headline like 'Psychic Wins Lottery'?"
"Haters are just confused admirers because they can't figure out the reason why everyone loves you."
"Age is just a number. It's totally irrelevant. Unless, of course, you happen to be a bottle of wine."
"Forgive your enemies, but never forget their names."
"Life is hard; harder if you're stupid."
"The safe way to double your money is to fold it over once and put it in your pocket."
"Be careful about reading health books. You may die of a misprint."
"There is a theory that all of Scottish cuisine is based on a dare."
"It's always darkest before the dawn. So if you're going to steal your neighbour's newspaper, that's the time to do it.
"Resist everything except temptation."
"Health nuts are going to feel stupid someday, lying in hospitals dying of nothing."
"The man who smiles when things go wrong has thought of someone to blame it on."
"Have no fear of perfection. You'll never reach it."
"Don't trust children. They're here to replace us."
"Crocodiles are easy. They try to kill and eat you. People are harder. Sometimes they pretend to be your friend first."
"A day without sunshine is like, you know, night."
"Always carry a flagon of whiskey in case of snakebite and furthermore always carry a small snake."
"If at first you don’t succeed, try, try again. Then quit. There's no point in being a damn fool about it."
"If you're going through hell, keep going."
"Pitter Patter, let's get at 'er."
"It's a hard life picking stones and pullin' teats, but as sure as God's got sandals, it beats fightin' dudes with treasure trails."
"If you have a problem with the majestic Canadian Goose, then you have a problem with me. And I suggest you let that one marinate."
"Bad gas travels fast in a small town."
"There's always money in the banana stand."
"They're illusions, not tricks. Tricks are what whores do for money."
"Always leave a note."
"NO TOUCHING!"
"You can always tell a Milford Man."
"Always check with your local pet store about their return policy when it comes to doves"
"They can't prosecute a husband and wife for the same crime."
